CHAOS-2466: Add CE SMP roadmap and k8s fault permissions (#3198)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/chaos-faults/kubernetes/security-considerations/container-permissions.md

---
title: Fault container permissions
sidebar_position: 10
---

This topic lists the various categories of Kubernetes faults and the container permissions required to execute them.

### Supported Kubernetes faults and required container permissions

> The following table shows the supported Kubernetes faults and the permissions required on fault containers to execute them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the supported Kubernetes faults and the required fault container permissions to execute them.
```
